long long overdue. I'm so happy uh that
we were able to uh you know commiserate
over the fantastic business that Davos
is and uh and now we have our planning
session. We just talked to Tyler Cowan
about how you're supposed to keep
everything a secret. Um but here we need
to do some open brainstorming. We need
to do some open brainstorming about how
we how we drive to half a billion in
revenue because apparently that's what
is doing.
>> I'm sure you want to stay on point. If
you want my advice, which you should
ignore, um
>> starting next year, take some off the
table. Okay.
>> Um, listen, TBNN is on fire, right? It
it is great. You're you you've reached
the point where you almost have too many
sponsors. You have to turn them away.
Um, but listen, if both you guys could
take out say 4 million next year, um,
just put it away might not be the worst
idea for a media business, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> A small bit of advice.
>> When did you get into media? Like what
what was the inciting element?
>> We were the opposite. I mean, there's
good and bad for being in the early days
or old school, right? You don't know
what you're doing. just like the early
days of like SAS, but we just did
meetups for our community in
>> 2013 2014 like a thousand people would
show up to a meetup and now in SF it's
like well at least last year it wasn't a
big deal for AI but imagine in 2013 a
thousand folks coming together to talk
about enterprise software it was it was
nutty right and so it
>> so it built a community and then
accidentally did events which you guys
should not do and then did media but I
did it backwards right you guys were
very intentional and it's pretty cool I
was utterly accidental and dragged into
it. Um, but it's convergent evolution.
>> Yeah. [snorts] Yeah. What what what are
the best practices for events? I mean,
we people talk to us about it. We've
said no, we're we're staying focused.
There's plenty of events. We get invited
to a bunch of them. I have to say no to
many already. Uh, there's a good event
in most spaces. And I'm wondering like
what you think makes for an actual good
event.
>> Well, you mean from a business model
perspective or from an quality of
attendance perspective?
>> They're perfectly aligned, right?
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> They're not aligned. They're poor.
They're arguably poorly aligned.
>> Okay, let's start with the consumer.
>> No, and we we've experienced this
because we we haven't done any events
and and we've
>> we did one that was not
>> Yeah, but it was basically like a
cocktail party and and like it Yeah. You
you uh I feel like too many people like
you got to really know what you're in.
You can be in the events business.
>> Yep.
>> Or you can do events. And if you're just
doing events and you're doing events
that you really want to be at and and
participate in and you're making events
for yourself, it's very likely that it's
not a great business, right? Because
like it's very possible you don't want
to charge for tickets, right? Or you're
charged for anything or all all these
things.
>> A lot of conflicts, right?
>> Well, look, I'll give you I thought we
might be talking about AI agents or the
SAS market crash. We can do
>> we want to get to that there for But if
you want me to summarize learnings for
events, which you guys have,
>> there are a handful of public companies
in the space which are boring but have
very high operating margins. Okay.
>> Um they tend to get bought out by P
firms and go public and go private.
Here's the basic thing. There is a nut
for these large events like Con Lions
and Money 20 and even Saster
>> and it's going to cost you 10 to$15
million, maybe even 20 to turn on the
lights,
>> just to turn on the lights. So if you
bring in 10 million or 15 million like a
lot of corporate events do dream force
they lose money
>> right if you can build that
>> they're also taking on extreme risk
because let's say you have some black
swan or whatever you have a bunch
>> I lost 10 million in co we lost I lost
10 million as the majority shareholder I
lost $10 million it wasn't that fun
>> that's if you get over the nut if you
think about the nut and they're high
this is why it's a terrible business but
if you get over it it's almost pure
profit that extra person you charge a
ripoff ticket to for 2500 bucks that
cost you 80 bucks, right? Um, but
getting there is is wrecks the ships and
if TBPN has money, it's the last thing
you guys want to do is to struggle to
make 200 grand or 500 grand off an event
because it's totally distracting, right?
But if you get massive
>> and you keep your heads down, these
these things uh, you know, the best of
anything makes a lot of money, doesn't
it?
>> Of course. That's always the nature of
these things. That's why we like focus.
That's why that's why we like not doing
events. Uh I am I am interested in your
reaction to my my take that uh like the
the Dream Forces, the Metacconnects, the
Google IO's like this has put pressure
on the on the uh crossplatform
tech conference. Uh you know Mark
Zuckerberg doesn't need to go to CES to
announce the Meta Rayban displays. He
hosts his own conference. Uh you know
even Sony and Xbox like they can they
don't need to go to CES even if they
have a presence. it it takes away from
like the aura and importance of those
events. Is that something that you that
resonates with you or is that sort of
overstated?
>> Well, I don't know that events have
worked for a product launch since like
Steve Jobs. It's all it's now
performative.
>> It's very mimemetic with Steve. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Satcha getting up on stage and
talking for four hours about what's at
Microsoft. It's already been leaked on
TBN and everywhere else yesterday.
There's no there's no energy. But so I
think that and to the extent events are
still doing that in the age of AI, they
feel very dated.
>> Mhm. They feel super dated. But the meta
question is in the age of AI when I mean
literally at Saster we have 20 agents
that replaced eight people. Okay, we're
running it all the time. We're at the
bleeding edge.
>> When and why do we want to meet people
>> in personal and business lives and
meeting I mean
>> you know you I mean you you guys know I
mean you can you we're meeting over
Zoom. It's not a tenth as valuable as if
I was there in person with you. And
we're friends forever, right? We're fake
friends right now. And so what what does
that mean? What does that mean for
building relationships, business
relationships, pretend relationships?
So, getting people together is super
important.
>> Yeah. to to maybe say it differently, AI
could be incredibly bullish for for
events businesses because if you're just
constantly online being just completely
flooded with inbound and bots and bot
phone calls and all this stuff and you
don't know really who's real and who's
not, then in order to figure out like
actually how you want to who you want to
partner with, who you want to make uh
how you want to make decisions, maybe
you do need to get together in person.
you you do the the thing that um just
like a lot of things in AI that the the
surface level misses some of the
complexity. The flip side is as as
humans as culture and tech you know
since 2020 we just don't want to get out
of the house.
>> We don't want to go anywhere. We don't
want to travel. We don't want to meet
like sales folks don't want to meet
customers in person anymore, right? And
so even if we know we need to do these
things to go to these like we just we
all we're either 996 or we want to work
from home in our pajamas. There's
nothing in between these days. And so it
actually creates a challenge. For all
the reasons we need to get together,
every 99% of us would rather be working
from home.
>> Mhm.
>> So we'll see. We I don't know.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry.
>> What uh I I'm sure they're all wildly
different, but what are your
conversations like across the portfolio
today? you have a bunch of new AI native
companies that and those conversations
look one way and then you have you know
a massive portfolio that all uh is
navigating AI in different ways
capitalizing on it maybe uh
>> AI companies are becoming SAS the SAS
companies are doing AI everything's
bleeding together
>> sort of
>> sort of my here's my simple rule guys if
growth isn't accelerating you're not an
AI company
>> oh
>> this is the flaw with the publiclix all
the performance stuff all the companies
you guys talk to and follow has growth
great that you built an agent great that
but is growth accelerated
>> and that's service now I mean that's the
bold case for meta like like they did
accelerate growth they're spending a ton
on capex but there's clearly the AI that
they're baking into the ad matching
platform is helping accelerate and so
it's working they are an AI
>> and the retail the advertisers that are
generating the ads
>> we talking about this yesterday Well,
sort of. But like let's look so so
that's for sure. That's why but let's
let's look at why Microsoft crashed. And
I never know why Publix react the way
they do. But
>> on the one hand, the AI side of the
business is still blowing up, right?
Granted, a lot of that money is coming
from OpenAI, but they did miss on the
software side.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so it's not it, you know, there
there's nervousness and you talk about
advertising being up. The worst
performing software stock of I of the
last 12 months is the trade desk just
just destroyed by all of this. It's
complicated. So you the portfol my my my
advice is it last year was deeply tough
love now it's just tough.
>> Mhm.
>> It's like you've had a chance to
reacelerate growth like yeah everything
got better since Cloud4. It got really
good at 37. That's why replet and
lovable blew up. That was a year ago
guys.
>> Yeah.
>> You had a year whether you're agent
force or my startups you had a year to
reacelerate growth. And honestly
Salesforce is doing better than some
startups.
>> Mhm.
At least we we're actually probably the
only organization of our size using
Agent Force for real. Like we use it
every day and it works. I I I can't tell
you how many startups their Aentic
product is like it's a co-pilot.
>> Interesting. Yeah.
>> So, did revenue grow? You had a year.
You had two years. You're supposed to be
agile.
>> Digging into that uh the the the tough
love to just tough transition. I feel
like there's a lot of there's a lot of
SAS founders who uh got to growth stage.
They got to scale. uh maybe they started
a decade ago and AI did reinvigorate
them. They got sort of back in the
arena. Maybe they never stepped step
down or step back but they just it was
it was a new reason to go into the
office fire get fired up be tinkering
with the tools pushing the team harder.
Uh is there any is that just something
that's innate to the tinker specific
type of founder leans into that? Like
what are you seeing across the
portfolio?
>> I well okay maybe two things. First of
all
>> that's a great narrative. I don't think
in the real world it's that common.
>> Oh,
>> I talked to behind the scenes, off the
record. I talked to public company CEOs
in B2B, my own portfolio, others, a lot
since our our agents blew up, everybody
thinks we're some sort of a at least for
GTM, we're the agent gurus. Okay, it's
pretty interesting.
>> And everybody says 80% of their team
wants to work like it's 2021. It's not
simple. Everyone has to create a skunk
works team or something. And everybody's
complaining because here's one reason
the AI native companies are doing so
well is they don't have to deal with the
20,000 customers pre-AI
>> who still have feature gaps who are
still using clunky software who are
still have other competitors. And all of
a sudden you have 10,000 new AI
competitors that don't have to deal with
that old stuff. And I would love to say
I know so many folks that have that LA,
you know, beginning of 2025 were growing
40% and now they're growing 80 or 110.
Um I can only think of a handful.
>> How are you?
>> How do you advise around competition in
specific markets? Uh earlier this week,
I forget who we were talking to, but uh
I had been talking to a founder. uh and
he had some idea and I was just thinking
to myself like sounds like a great idea
but I can guarantee that four different
YC companies are going to end up on this
problem and you're going to be going
headtohead and it's just going to be
like a 996 versus 996 and like it feels
like you know somewhat of a coin flip
who will come out on top even though
you're super talented, super
experienced. uh what what's your view on
you know the current state of you know
if a category is exciting it'll have 10
companies kind of running at it
aggressively
>> it's worse like that was I think that
was the problem 6 months ago the problem
today it it and and literally a a seed
investor who's very successful
relatively new said to me yesterday I'm
giving up because everyone can vibe code
something I can't even tell the
difference
>> I can't tell the now I'm very I've vibe
coded uh 20 apps that have been used
over a million times I'm in the top 0.1
1% of replet. I know a little bit about
this
>> and we we'll run out of time. You're not
going to vibe code Salesforce.
>> We're going to we're going to hit the
gong for
numbers.
>> Huge numbers.
[laughter]
>> You're not going to vibe code Salesforce
for real. But you know what? You can
vibe code something for demo day that
looks really good.
>> Yeah.
>> Really. And the stuff that like even 18
months ago, you'd be like, I want to
fund that. Oh my god, this is an agent
for dental follow-ups. That's all auto.
Like, my god, your jaw would drop 18
months ago.
>> Um, and you know, we're we're talking
about um Clawbot and and Open Claw and
all this stuff today. You were just
talking about it, right?
>> I mean, I built my own version on Replet
a week ago. I thought it was pretty cool
and now it's obsolete today for real.
It's called
>> REN.
>> I built it a week ago and now it's
worthless.
>> Wow. So, so I mean, demo day is coming
up. Like, what metrics uh I mean
obviously you can have a polished
product. So, does this shift to being
able to control narrative? Are we in the
age of storytelling? Do we need to be
focused just on ARR or cash flow at the
earlier stage? Like what changes about
because there will be companies that are
created today and wind up being
successful. I'm sure you're not bearish
on just startups generally right now.
The landscape is different, right? So
what's different?
>> Yeah.
>> Look, here's the challenge. The
challenge isn't even all the clones. I
think we've accepted there's a lot of
clones. I think we've accepted there's a
thousand competitors now. M um the the
the the challenge that that I mean you
guys know from the show, but I not all
founders have internalized. It's just
investors are expecting insane levels of
growth.
>> Mhm.
>> Insane levels of growth, right? They
want like the idea that you could go
from one to 100 in a year is now seen as
what you want to invest in. It that used
to be almost unprecedented. It it did
happen in the old old days. right now.
There's there's companies that like I
invent invested in early like Higsfield
for for for video. People never even
heard of Higsfield and it'sund and
something million, right?
>> It's over 200 now.
>> Yeah. But that's not like Harvey, which
we're talking about every week, right?
Or lovable or replet. And so you and
then and then the problem guys is you
look at Figma and it's terrible, but
Figma Figma's is is almost soul crushing
for investing because you can't get much
better than Figma.
>> It's down from its IPO. It's trading
less than 10 times revenue and that's
for get owning and creating a category.
>> Who who's invested in something much
better than Figma? I mean, not me.
>> Sure.
>> So, on the one hand, it's great the best
times of others. On the other hand, it's
like Figma isn't good enough. Like,
let's let's let's let's call it a day,
guys, and do media companies because
it's just [laughter] too hard.
>> Yeah. I mean, I've I've had at least a
couple times over the last year where a
portfolio company is like a company that
is maybe a preede company trying to go
out and raise a seed or maybe an A and
they're they're like, "Hey, can you look
at can you look at my deck?" And I'm
like, "The deck is beautiful, but you're
projecting to grow 3x this year and
that's going to be a nightmare for you
because it just doesn't look like it
just doesn't look like the business is
bestin-class anymore." Even though
you're like, "Wait, I'm like I'm going
to 3x revenue this year." just
>> yeah it's uh and unfortunately there's
no great answers to this right there's
no great answers to the question that
some great businesses will compound to
epic rates
>> but they're unfundable now and they
would have been fundable two years ago
there's no there's literally I don't
know what the answer is today right
>> what about uh how
>> what do you think is going on
>> so so staying there doesn't that just
mean that maybe there's the same amount
of entrepreneur same amount of building
but just more founders opting out of the
tradition traditional venture capital
track because if they don't actually
have a solid use for capital, they
should get profitable earlier, monetize
earlier. I mean, integrating payments is
easier with oneline prompt. So, just do
it and actually pull your road map
forward and get and stay lean and be
higher leverage like I I I don't know.
Is is that not an unreasonable
conclusion that you'll just see more
bootstrap successes?
>> You know, there's of course that's
that's the dream, right? um don't raise
too much money for TBPN. I keep it keep
it lean. Um
>> the and I think for for a little while
when everything was easy but when when
things were growing well but the markets
were down 20 late 2022 23 and 24 that
was the dream. Guys listen if the
markets have fallen out of love with us
we'll just we'll just do the Mailchimp.
We'll just get to a billion in revenue
on our own. Pay us all out a couple
hundred million in dividends and see
what the Lord brings. Right. Um, the
problem today is that the pace of
software development is so fast that you
better you better have one way or
another, you better have four or five
amazing folks on your team or you're
going to get crushed by the kids at Y
Combinator. Bootstrapped or not, it does
there's no time. And I remember back in
the day Michael Cannon Brooks who was
the co-founder of Atlassian came you
know to SAS annual way back in like 2019
or 2018 and he said I was lucky I had
five extra years like if I had any
competition in the first 5 years of
Atlassian we wouldn't we wouldn't have
made it. There were three companies.
>> That's crazy.
>> What do you So so
>> so that's hopeless today. How are you
going to compete when people pushing out
aentic crazy agentic products weekly?
How are you going to compete? So, so, so
I I want to get your your take on this.
So, we we were on a a podcast that got
released earlier this week. John was
talking about something that has
informed our strategy with TVPN from the
beginning, which is that uh media is now
a barbell. You're going to do great if
you're a platform, a Spotify, a YouTube,
uh Netflix, etc. And, uh, and you're
going to do great if you're a
personality individual, low low opex,
you're just like Joe Rogan, you're
creating content. Uh but if you're in
the middle ground where you have like,
you know, a 200 person team and you're
kind of competing with personalities and
the platforms, you're gonna be in a
rough spot. Uh a buddy of ours, John
Palmer, was saying yesterday he thinks
that software could go in that direction
where if you're one or two lean lean
lean operation, you're competing with
big companies, you could do well. If
you're a huge platform with distribution
and scale like a Salesforce or Google,
you're going to do well. But there's
kind of this this messy middle that uh
could could get kind of uh churned
through.
>> Well, it's just I Well, first of all, I
think all of this vibe coding, I think
people missed the point because they're
not really doing it, right? Um and um
you had the great guy, the economist on
before me who Yeah, he was great. And
you asked him, "Have you have you
actually used any of the agent
products?" He was like, "No, he was
honest, right? Good. Kudos to him."
Right. Most of folks talking about it
haven't. Um, what Vibe Coding is already
unleashing, um, is if you want to, to
your to your point, if you want to build
a super niche app for real, I want to
build software for, uh, web broadcasters
with scale. Okay, there's 11 customers.
There's TD TBPN and that's all I want to
do for my dream. If you are willing to
to to vi to do it for real, not for an
hour, not oneshot it, do it for real,
you can now build that software without
an engineer.
>> Yeah.
>> So, that is amazing. And so we're seeing
whatever a thousand flowers bloom. Um I
was the first investor in a company
called Rev Revenue Cat that does um
powers mobile subscriptions for 50% for
50% of mobile apps.
>> And Andre published basically the same
data this week at the end of last year
just all of a sudden the number of
mobile apps like quintippled.
>> Wow. at the end of last year because of
vibe coding and it's just starting and
so the very bottom of the market if the
three of us want to get together and
build an app for real uh we can do it
now. It's very exciting.
>> Um and Salesforce isn't going away but
that middle is going to be harder. It it
it is it's it's a good point. Um and uh
there's just you really want to build it
today you can and it's super exciting.
>> What's going on in PE land? I would hate
to be a, you know, private equity firm
with a bunch of kind of legacy SAS and
you're having to explain to your LPs
that no, everything's fine. We're going
to, you know, uh, we we took this
company private. We'll we'll take them
back. It's fine. Uh, you know, the the
Toma Bravos of the world. I'm sure that
they're they're very savvy. Uh, how do
you think, uh, they're kind of thinking
right now? How how intense is is the
fear? Where is it sort of unwarranted?
Well, there's one thing I I I know for
for sure, like for a thousand% sure, and
this is slightly inconsistent with the
data Carta and others put out and others
on the on the internets. Um, these B2B
companies, PreI ones at 50 million, 100
million, 200 million, 800 million, no
one wants to buy them.
It doesn't matter you, Hooray, you got
profitable. Thank you. That means you're
not you're not going bankrupt. You have
not solved your existential problem in
the AI. I mean literally I I'm an
adviser a friend to a to a company about
140 million in revenue. pretty good
growth but not AI growth but but pretty
good right
>> and we were doing a review yes the other
day on M&A and I was shocked with the
folks on the block
>> that would sell folks much bigger than
that much bigger than 140 million that
would take any exit they can get so to
sell any exit any no P for they've
already gone to Tommo Bravo and Vista
and Insight they ain't going to 140
million AR for a weird crammed down
combo exit unless everybody else in the
PE chain said no right um It's rough out
there. And I, you know, until even late
2023, you got to 20 million in revenue.
You were still growing and you were and
you were efficient. Someone was going to
buy you. And the question was, was it
5x, 6x or 10x? Um, and that playbook
died for PE and it died for exits. So, I
do think the Tomo Bravo will be they
will figure out how to accelerate AI in
their portfolio and go deep and it will
work. Um, I really believe if you can
own the agents on your platform, that's
how you reacelerate. You have to own the
agents on your platform or the agents
will take away all the value. But man,
there the P has just said goodbye to B2B
and it it's it's terrible. I don't mean
to be so draconian in 2026, but I talked
to so many founders that are in La La
Land and I think it was okay last year,
but um uh at least at some point you
just just be honest that you know P is
not coming to the rescue unfortunately
for 95. I mean, everyone's on the block,
guys.
>> Does every [laughter]
grim reaper scenario typically
>> on the other hand, it's just so exciting
>> to be building things today.
>> Sure.
>> Right. And and and there's either a
malaise in these companies because
they're building nothing or you turn
around and you can't believe what they
built last week.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. I mean, Ramp's your big sponsor,
right? Even just look even though Ramp
is old, look at the pace at which they
put out software now. Like it's crazy,
>> right?
>> And anything below that is going to die.
It's just catastrophy.
>> Do you uh do you ever go around to your
portfolio and say like, "Hey guys, like
why am I using agent force?" Like why is
this like like nothing again nothing
against Salesforce but like I was
surprised to hear you're trying
everything using everything building
your own agents and yet you're sitting
here saying like yeah we're running
everything on agent force and it's
great.
>> Well we run we well actually and this is
a risk for everyone it for the moment
you can be promiscuous with agents. So
we are running four different sales
agents. We're running Agent Force. We're
running a hot YC company called Artisan.
We're running a company called Qualified
that Salesforce just bought for almost a
billion to get more reach. And then
we're running a and then we're running a
bit of clay which just raised at 5
billion. So we're actually running them
all. Uh we're we're it's work. We're
running them for different use cases. Um
and that's actually good for startups
because they in the short term they get
more customers, but overall it's hard at
the moment to dominate. Um, so, uh, it's
not just Agent Force. Um, and I think
that's the risk that is that is the risk
that like I think Agent Force is going
to work. I can tell you why as someone
who's actually using it, not Sony
baloney. But we we're using four vendors
instead of one.
>> Yeah. Can you give more instead of one?
There's risk as well as opportunity,
right?
>> Can you give more concrete examples of
how you're using agent force? What it's
doing for you? Is it sending emails? Is
it drafting emails? What?
>> Yeah, that's all it's doing is sending
and drafting emails. We gave it the use
case um which is is a good one and which
is the one Mark talked about in the
early days. We gave it reactivations.
>> Okay.
>> So and and this will resonate a little
bit with you guys. Folks that used to be
sponsors or used to come to our events.
This is very simple and atomic
>> that a human being was too lazy or
unwilling to follow up with.
>> Mhm.
>> And um but they were good ones. So we
scored them and sent them out and we got
70% open rate.
>> Wow. That's great.
>> It's pretty powerful. This is something
when we had eight people on our sales
team. Now we have one in AIs. We went
from eight to one in AIS where it just
wasn't worth the humans time. It just
wasn't worth John and Jord's time
because they're hunting the big deals at
Vant and Ramp. They don't want to hunt
the little deals or or there was
turnover at Brex and they don't know how
to meet P the new Pedro's gone and they
know. So the humans give up but the
agent doesn't quit.
>> Sure. Yeah.
>> Agent just looks up who replaced the
person at RAMP or Brex. They follow up
with them. They have no shame. Um, and
we had an agent that closed a 100K deal
on Saturday night. I mean, let's be
honest. How many want to close a deal?
Yeah, for real. But for real, how many
want to do that?
>> Wait for the e-sign document to come
back, but how many of them are going to
do the work on Saturday night? They're
streaming, right?
>> Yeah. What about uh do you think we'll
see any uh are you excited about any
turnarounds, public market companies
that have been, you know, completely
beaten up? I mean, we just had Jim on
from Yahoo, and that's a business that
people don't, you know, aren't talking
about. Certainly the tech media isn't
spending a ton of time talking about
Yahoo, but he's sitting there being
like, "Growth is great. We've got
hundreds of millions of users. We have
all these opportunities to put AI in
across the the ecosystem." Uh, and you
and and you have to imagine there's a
bunch of uh companies that have been
beaten up in the public markets that u
maybe founders, you know, people just
want to start something new. They don't
want to try to deal with with uh a
legacy platform. But I'm sure you've
been pitched random ideas like that.
Well, look, there's there's there's um
there's a bull and a bear case here,
right? And um the the the the bull case
is um AI is so early and especially in
real enterprises, not not all the tech
folks buying these products on a
circular basis. Everything's circular,
right? Including GPU sales and
everything's circular. If you go out and
talk to the real world and bring folks
from Archer, Daniel Midlands, and
whomever on the show, they're going to
tell you they're it's early. They're
experimenting. And I think that is going
to benefit Salesforce and service. Now,
it's not too late for them at all,
right? Um the there's a lot of stress at
those companies today, but it's not too
late. Um the flip side though, I got to
tell you, now that we're in 2026, you've
had time.
>> Where's the turn? Like, hooray that AI
can do all these things at Yahoo, but
it's already like it's already utterly
changed video and audio and everything.
Why? Why? Show me the money. Show me the
lift in revenue. And I have lost
patience with founders at 1 million 10
million public companies that have not
seen the lift because great but 11 labs
just crossed 350 million.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, show show me the money. Like
enough talk and enough armwaving and you
know you you AI doesn't count if the
revenue doesn't grow. It's the problem
is here's the tough part for everyone
including a Yahoo and most startups. Um
it's it's hard enough just to keep up.
>> It's hard enough just to ship an agent.
It's hard enough just to achieve parody,
figure out the guardrails, figure out
how to make this product work, and then
the other guys have pulled ahead. Like,
it's just you're almost bailing out a
leaky bucket. And so, uh, I know we want
to be optimistic that there's so much
agentic opportunity, but I'm at the
point you got to show me the money.
>> Mhm.
>> I don't need to see you go from and look
what happened like [__] like
dramatically reacelerated.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> In the age of AI, we're I'm not looking
for you to go from [__] from like down
to like the teens to the 30s or whatever
they did. I'm just looking for a little
bit of game.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> What about uh how are you thinking about
AI uh AI discoverability?
Are you paying a lot of attention to
this with your business? Uh are
>> you
>> define vendors? We need to get business.
>> Well, yeah. Yeah. Just like how you're
showing up in in LLM queries, all that
stuff. Do you think it's uh are you
advising portfolio companies that they
need to pay a lot of attention there?
>> GEO broadly.
>> Yeah.
>> I think people are underestimating this.
>> I think GEO is is it's almost a
disservice.
Um, you don't just want to show up
randomly in what's a next generation
media company focused on tech and it
says leaders include folks like TBPN and
and the others. That's not like you got
that's nice. What you really want to
show up for
>> like um I I'll give you a very specific
example. I I did this as a use case
yesterday. I went into Replet and I
said, "What's the best CRM for me to
use?" And it said HubSpot.
>> That's where the money is today.
>> Yeah. Totally. us asking all the agents
we work with whether they're Claude or
ChatgBT or or if we're building
something in lovable or replet we're
we're not you know we're not going to go
to Google we're just going to ask the
agent what should I use
>> or you won't even ask the agent you will
just say I need a website and it will be
like well I need to pick a database and
I'm picking this database and you don't
even know what database it picked and
>> that's that that's an issue but I think
like software isn't dead I mean the
public the leading public B2B companies
are doing two trillion but when people
do discovery they're going to ask their
agent And and I even built a digital
JSON that's been used 175,000 times.
People just ask what should I use?
>> Why would you go to Google and pay even
even you might use the AI summaries if
they answer the question, but we're not
discovering
>> with a sales rep that doesn't know the
product, right? And endless webinars
like that stuff. It just just ask figure
out what is the most trusted agent for
what you do and ask them what to buy.
And you know, you should just buy that
product.
>> Yep.
>> Where should I I've got 500k to sponsor
this year. I want to reach tech leaders.
I want to do it on media. I want it to
be persistent. What's the best place to
do a 500k sponsorship? And if it says
TBPN, I should just like let me not
waste my time. I'll do one more call,
but if you guys will take my money, I
got to move on.
>> Yeah. Yeah. The other the other dynamic
is just agents selecting different
vendors themselves. So that's a whole
that's a whole another level of it which
uh I don't think uh enough people are
kind of even caught up to yet which is
like if I just have agents running
parallel and they're and and you you can
assume if your agents are closing deals
now on a Saturday maybe you start to
give them a little budget not too long
in the near future and they're starting
to actually you know spend money on
behalf of the company too and just make
certain vendor decisions and you trust
them because hey you're you're doing
great work.
>> Yeah. I don't know the big examples, but
there are startups that have blown up in
the last 12 months like Resend instead
of Send Grid for email, work OS, um, and
others where the the agent just said to
use them.
>> Yeah.
>> Like I use resend instead of send grid.
I couldn't get Send Grid to work in
Replet. I just couldn't get it to work.
I could tell you. And you know the
reason why the founders are long gone
and they decided to to throttle the free
account so much that they don't work.
Like you just can't get a free account
working, right?
>> And so I asked the agent, "What can I
do?" I'm banging my head against the
desk. It said use resend. I'm like that
guy seemed cool. I used I've never gone
back.
>> Wow.
>> Right.
>> That's remarkable.
>> And work OS was around for years trying
to do ooth like authentication for apps.
A good solid co good solid technology
but went through layoffs was kind of
going nowhere and then everyone just
started to use it. Every agent
recommends it. Everyone just blows up.
So I you know that's not yet that part's
not yet in mainstream America. Um,
that's pretty nerdy, but some version of
this is how we're going to going to pick
agents. And so, I think Gio is nice, but
some of it's scammy and smarmy. Um, and
uh, I'll tell you how I know what, in my
opinion, when a an agent is scammy or
smarty is when I have to put in a credit
card before I can use it.
>> Oh,
>> I don't like that today. So, all these
geo tools are trying to get you to pay
5.99, $8.99 before. Just let me try the
thing for a week.
>> Sure, sure. Sure. Yeah. Sounds free.
>> If it works, I'll pay you.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I mean
obviously you you've talked a lot about
how competitive uh you know these
vibecoded products are the early tech
markets. Are you optimistic or getting
more interested in the more niche uh far
field businesses where maybe there
aren't really software solutions? You
know maybe you put Harvey in this bucket
and some of the medical stuff but also
like hard tech. There's a whole bunch of
like pieces of the economy that have not
really been touched by software yet. And
maybe AI is the thing that makes it now
we can go do something on the farm
that's actually impactful or do
something in oil and gas or do something
in in fishing or some really far out
piece of the economy where there isn't
an established conf.
>> Yeah, we had the founder on the other
day that's doing super intelligence for
dairy farms. Like he has a product you
just walk up if you're working on a farm
you walk up to the computer you say what
should I do today and it just gives you
a bunch of tasks.
>> It's a good market. I almost did a dairy
farm investment years ago that was using
the
>> what do you what do you call it visual
AI to optimize farm yields right it's a
and there's there's a couple larger
companies in it the interest I'll tell
you I can give you a couple answers
here's what I'm thinking of more in
terms of the one should will a lot of
flowers blossom here yes like we will
see more and more of this niche software
it is great
>> to make money from it investing here's
what I'm looking at is
>> is the agent however the heck you built
it. Is the agent so powerful, so ROI
positive that you can charge four to
five to 10 times more in this category
than you could before.
That's where the math compounds to
something interesting. So, it's one
thing if you can just track the the
yield for the cattle a little bit better
than the prior like that's great. But if
it's the same unit economics as the
deals I looked at four or five years
ago, I'm out because even getting to 100
million is tough, right? But let me give
you a contrasting example. And these AI
SDRs that people we use a lot of them.
People used to make fun of them, right?
But these these startups like Artisan
and Qualified and Clay, they're
expensive, man. They're like a hundred
grand to start.
>> Wow.
>> Okay. And let's go look at older when
you back in the day, I was one of the
first investors in Salesoft, which was
the last exit of the last generation.
Okay. December 2021, 2 and a half
billion to Vista. And then last it
[laughter] was
>> Yeah. Funny story. The CEO was like, "We
got to sell." And the VCs didn't want
it. Like, "We're going to be worth much
more than two and a half billion." But
the CEO, Kyle's like, "No, the world's
changing, man." Um,
>> wow.
>> But getting getting folks to pay
$100,000 for those apps was hard, right?
But today, it's just it's table stakes
for the next generation version of these
apps. So, when you start to see an app
that used to struggle to get 10 grand a
year for get 100 grand, I'm all in on
dairy or niche uh you know, um
hydroponics or you know, pool cleaner
apps that are all really cool. It's just
that the numbers didn't I I'm I'm an
investor in a company called Mango Mint,
which is
>> in a pretty crappy category. It's it's
software for spa spas and salons and
doctor's offices.
>> The Why is it crappy? It's midsized and
there's like 10 really good companies
If
>> there's just one
>> Yeah, it'd be fine. But it' be fine.
It's
>> hyper competitive still.
>> You know, after 30 million, they just
blew up with everything they're doing
that is agentic and automation related
because it's much more val but not
because it makes the product much more
valuable.
>> Yeah. Charge more.
>> Yeah. So, I want show I'm sorry, but
show me the money. If you had a software
that was $8,000 a year before and now
you can charge 80 because
>> honestly you got rid of 10 people in the
back office.
>> That's what's happening. You're getting
rid of a lot of people.
>> Yeah. The other thing when people when
people are like, "Oh, this agent's like
super expensive to run and like could I
People are like, "I could just get a
normal person at this point." It's like,
well, the point is that you have
potentially an expert that can work
around the clock that you can turn on
and off in real time in a way that you
just can't. It's like, why is a why is a
consultant end up charging, you know, an
obscene hourly rate? It's because you're
just tapping them in for, you know, a
quick sprint here or or a project or a
couple months, etc. So, you got a
premium
>> when someone says that that that's dumb.
Like, because honestly, if you can if
you could maybe at TBN you're pretty
hot. It's easy to hire. I've never found
hiring easy. No matter how hot I've been
at any startup or anything, it's always
hard to find good people. If you can
magically wave your wand and get 10
great people uh for for low wages to do
the job you want, yeah, don't hire an
AI,
>> right? But they're going to quit.
There's a tax to hiring them. There's a
tax to onboarding them. They don't all
perform. You got to train them. You got
to manage them. I mean, good good luck.
Good luck. We are uh it's harder to hire
anybody.
>> Yeah. It's also it's also more is I
mean, from our our point of view, we we
had to we went from, you know, basically
three to three to 10ish last year. So,
not not not crazy growth, right? We're a
small business. Crazy.
>> Uh but, uh we actually like the size of
the team right now. Like, I like that
we're all hanging out here in the studio
all day long. I don't want to add a lot
of people. I don't want to be a manager.
I don't like managing people. I like
working with people. that are great. I
don't like being a manager. And so, if
we can limit if we can keep headcount
low and and uh uh stay small, that's
that's amazing.
>> Well, that's why we shrunk to three.
>> I couldn't do it anymore. You criticized
me. Like, take your shot at me, right?
But I have been doing it a little longer
than you guys. I just couldn't take one
more person paying them six figures,
quitting
>> and for a worse job. I couldn't take one
more person getting to work from home
with high autonomy, setting their own
goals, no no drama, paying them hundreds
of thousands of dollars and and just
saying, "I want more." I just couldn't
couldn't take it. And so
>> last June, Ameilia and I run SAS. We're
like, we're going to get we're going to
go so far on agents and we're going to
break every agent. We're going to push
it to the limit.
>> And so now we have, you know, two three
people doing the work of 15 and replace
two agencies with with apps we built
ourselves. We just couldn't take it.
>> Wow.
>> Uh, real quick, real quick. IPO, IPO
market. Uh, you think, uh, looks like
OpenAI will beat Anthropic out the door.
Looks like SpaceX could do some type of
deal, beat, uh, Open AI out the door, a
nice spite IPO. Uh, how how much do you
think?
>> How much do you think kind of the
ordering of these IPOs really matters?
like is is it uh could Elon successfully
suck uh some real oxygen out of the room
and make things more difficult for his
uh for the other labs?
>> Um well look I I think I in my limited
experience and I think some of this is a
media creation to for something to talk
about. Um these all these companies are
so exciting at a retail level and at an
institutional level. there is infinite
demand in the private markets and there
will be sufficient demand in the public
markets to go public. So some of this is
a is a media creation. Um certainly
though um the IPO markets are are wide
open but uh they're they're they're
discriminatory. I mean Wealthfront
bombed
>> equipment share crushed it. Wealthfront
bombed. You got you got why did I mean
equipment share is at what four and a
half billion growing almost 50%. That's
a pretty high bar. Okay. So, it's
openish.
[laughter]
>> Openish.
>> So, there there's something to be said
when the markets are good but not
perfect to being the first out when
demand has not been satiated walking
around and maybe not everybody wants to
do all three,
>> right? And maybe and maybe and maybe
it's tough if if if you're worse but
still great than the other ones. There
is some, you know, probably whatever
XAI, SpaceX, especially if it's not
SpaceX standalone because SpaceX
standalone with Starlink's a great IPO,
right? But if you start mashing loss
leading stuff in it, there's something
to be said for maybe Anthropic will look
better. So going first. Um but um but
we're entering an era of just utter
wealth creation from IPOs like we have
never seen. Like it's just we're
underestimating,
you know, it used to be a billion, you
know, a billion a unicorn used to be
great.
>> Yeah. Now it's a trillion.
>> Then 10 billion used to be great. Now
now you go on TV and we're all talking
about a trillion dollar exits like like
it's, you know, like it's snacks and
popcorn in in a show and and it is. But
think about how many more, you know,
there's 20,000 folks at Nvidia that have
made 20 million or more in the Bay Area
and it's just going to explode
>> and we're going to enter this weird
world where the best VCs are going to
make money like we've never seen before,
right? And the best engineers and then,
you know, the middle is going to have no
jobs,
>> right? Uh
>> that is
>> Well, Tyler Cin disagrees with you. He
thinks that the economy will
>> No, he did he did say you might have to
move to to Houston and take a job in the
energy sector. So
>> that's a good it's good advice or don't
quit. But I I will tell you one last
thing. I was with this week I was at an
event with a lot of seale B2B
executives. Um it was just a favor but
I've gone every year for a while to just
and and this was the year they finally
been like we can't find any jobs.
>> H
>> they're just people just don't need
these. I won't say exactly which level
they were thing but like finally set in
that like I just they just no no one
needs folks with these 2021 through 2024
tech tool skill sets. they just don't
need them. And it's um yeah, go to
Houston. Like do it. But whatever you
do, don't quit your job. Like if you
like it at TBPN or Yahoo or Cisco, my
advice is stay.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That makes a lot of
sense. [laughter]
>> Well, so so great to finally have you on
the show. Let's do it again uh very
soon.
>> You guys are the best. We'll talk
pleasure. Thanks. Goodbye.